No Jacobian form specified for nonlinear variational problem.
Differentiating residual form F to obtain Jacobian J = F'.
Solving nonlinear variational problem.
  Newton iteration 0: r (abs) = 1.790e+03 (tol = 1.000e-10) r (rel) = 1.000e+00 (tol = 1.000e-09)
  Newton iteration 1: r (abs) = 3.843e-12 (tol = 1.000e-10) r (rel) = 2.147e-15 (tol = 1.000e-09)
  Newton solver finished in 1 iterations and 1 linear solver iterations.
scattering rate done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Initial number of electron super-particles is 28405
current particle number is 1
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
10.787927500264194
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21.511793894201176
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
27.419067486424048
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
18.22719317897047
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
36.23574571976071
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
37.75469296466859
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
41.533274412644424
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
66.67261350356878
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
87.15828307599126
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
124.8398597455497
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
176.6695825602637
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
307.9758660219977
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
454.05827731142324
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
630.2882864285236
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
319.95946381454445
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
284.23293118978563
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
72.02078301379858
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
98.9713699060906
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
124.16992071268045
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
129.75726056243286
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
207.4507975071405
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
312.5341917638314
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
592.2006757294105
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1012.5168738231697
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
578.7031984171751
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
569.6238487422204
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
142.60281580822178
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
126.93650287991866
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
125.94737984061118
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
155.428465200593
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
111.94038136609292
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
149.31742804858104
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
142.442850385751
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
129.31900481798817
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
110.54708123660458
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
158.61784196407552
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
198.56367654511703
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
165.62738115442482
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
277.2236194714318
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
380.1936478686716
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
169.56149769732093
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
207.99836487723462
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
227.08206563506437
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
436.1929408008053
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
632.7265609785234
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
686.9310482802529
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
566.3746809057391
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
947.763296016099
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
264.3630326329543
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
162.30143099897234
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
278.96837630100674
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
401.70453885368136
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
801.4100038875547
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
494.68016424948814
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
555.4695401267602
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
687.4839457248281
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1333.50862894947
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1875.5490791408956
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3543.7823711036913
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
551.3524073990777
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
340.9005242487559
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
576.8921425156584
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
736.1721686437296
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
953.0049842227646
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
804.9193562742764
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1124.3308963985896
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1377.3180172822922
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2615.9629156704873
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3584.017606250497
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4675.426771929895
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6831.185566808947
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
11885.853467964489
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21427.84981497664
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
20117.61744832979
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7875.406668703208
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3837.9981274188603
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5177.042033506953
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4565.655409658535
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5096.259774523948
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
872.3251165661442
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1288.3643968599924
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
484.2678953508604
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
437.17381556871806
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
46.11332090910223
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
80.02566512390355
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
26.48063671392608
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
44.613794278355755
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
64.30647182399964
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
101.25687704985722
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
115.8781462125997
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
84.44477583031515
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
90.92115462168456
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
125.3379182765421
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
165.23059190931596
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
204.86275425834194
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
219.0795871920553
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
40.17604809799963
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
49.02063946069716
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
39.43042667276046
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
45.77715034051374
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
90.28665800896441
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
177.11015535978507
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
137.85428227102977
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
47.83653676948408
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
40.986558729472485
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
47.129696580205895
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
34.697980036325795
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
34.00450075234286
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
33.50513725224721
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
56.42138378090784
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
88.86308449670635
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
82.94862868502621
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
65.72088437073724
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
36.958856993694106
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
12.993844104656604
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
11.289262338239459
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
17.872869206175704
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
12.23315390378326
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21.42818008929607
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
42.06129657380384
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
42.88144293520281
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
65.51323557920853
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
46.10534681065003
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
43.787184326808884
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
26.48044425793307
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
22.764723726037513
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
27.302233490785113
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.103153350049986
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.372237624480084
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.9501829423518338
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.957249368585206
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.5320465960294802
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.2453968167970824
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.8954537571612535
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6570928313545212
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.67971530176636
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.127253230513121
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
14.673820397570632
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
15.67410637103999
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
24.528836544479056
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
23.32202798901687
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
45.98201727176634
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
39.210474140358315
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
17.679282771880608
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.4433386643884765
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.567395270253988
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.935823616077288
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.7298546212480215
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.246049483683432
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.473050307237171
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.463110036914628
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
12.766619118206233
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
14.250517923229818
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
20.41490792354508
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
37.489040069204684
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
31.217296399184974
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
52.84344008010539
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
65.53605455283531
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
106.04047586429971
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
179.49482292548933
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
168.2936983943536
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
317.4669589326027
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
480.5194396052183
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
424.67410806971236
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
347.9257474127138
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
195.3331446595156
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
318.35791515640676
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
28.40636608929972
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
36.548859318194026
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
31.33866526261426
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
32.122773692240884
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
51.06829484760503
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
63.0293702363102
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
119.5961159781625
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
135.4281511728482
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
209.96482164032432
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
264.90895971478193
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
447.2835440660461
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
581.7332235283236
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
622.3043430411939
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
525.6487443843586
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
792.1702492784915
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1402.5539598920868
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
615.3787319909551
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
683.9050705403748
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
751.4102476198427
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
617.4825381472369
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
634.0481292438193
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1054.769624630677
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1117.4028416977621
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
889.2485199564272
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
912.1951956793783
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
881.7616471548531
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
778.0444101825169
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1456.291741201525
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1372.2692425380064
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1875.3784223585612
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1190.014212032051
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1942.9085273812334
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2714.340867355742
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1756.3591552560654
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1677.6287508864816
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1736.819946237399
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1997.2555897599862
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2704.2276783079537
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5253.856761415513
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
9435.298983112862
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
17671.524426814227
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
18889.52958445521
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
14999.981637691684
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21779.0687255419
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
26336.318322999294
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
48888.09073638343
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
22489.500902479238
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21931.290969913964
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
35580.371986647784
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
49453.23376136915
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
85387.02744766153
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
156464.8297158483
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
81983.6262061366
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
159391.4993745716
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
176675.81625541704
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
215214.15859034527
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
325744.10288034665
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
261847.41537384965
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
269762.1702946006
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
322170.80215045065
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
307846.96532090154
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
595356.415076148
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
512932.0286959682
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
626739.3384123858
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2437993086962493e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
960781.9331521142
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2369614521169197e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3132145226763396e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.521295558181562e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.6837564877631033e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.912159264569432e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2095675725053695e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3131027667192784e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2754508151152222e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3044318674690921e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
596592.2860265807
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
610672.9476041057
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
393102.49100663065
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
501602.3435982498
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
315586.4861386642
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
513001.1054410889
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
320893.62027527665
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
372407.34364848543
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
497655.4519559164
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
597941.4853671931
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0516133560605582e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1924046300053322e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1464729953187902e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.993538729278283e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
950457.0372498162
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
502806.6054989911
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
731403.1261378264
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
410822.14914715325
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
360459.6530003173
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
378287.62337502884
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
232032.41529104856
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
419114.38815418596
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
813666.7603216011
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
564728.408440613
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
616521.2209328577
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
296933.1438001125
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
308974.1577975067
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
355453.72033837234
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
652185.515314419
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
687186.6716978855
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
734027.2255960646
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2478336771334386e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0776762012890675e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
170495.11833029217
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
148175.18697673347
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
253055.53296688735
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
411294.8926461429
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
353332.99029703974
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
433860.9087374854
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
691710.3454191426
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2370763249441884e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.204592036650723e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
505034.01584271056
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
492597.6891848261
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
630202.5062828079
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
300865.6752685726
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
305357.1985578204
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
413779.7563251873
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
370921.79628289107
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
696513.214574428
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
639383.6801089855
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
594622.4257948784
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
809294.0799191338
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2324636067955624e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
930650.9288248991
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5829895965323176e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
807978.4684231795
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3159861348312555e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
681640.2581691021
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
483969.99306954106
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
460009.64980417694
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
737640.995869102
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3161784414042318e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0904223900332868e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1662853606003085e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
238605.98929290008
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
443372.38813005236
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
491481.8495942751
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
768586.4208812396
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
567592.5877961795
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
411654.4453192628
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
243613.0362305977
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
156424.55626532927
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
264900.2947167273
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
195367.36144623617
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
293124.03948024235
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
564395.7425836887
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
602511.9106720004
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
417696.2811107356
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
597696.8883108001
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
534870.7389208255
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
589577.7126115544
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
84904.40269405034
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
50412.81062681548
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
34496.90739681756
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
16277.447588203158
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
28814.260792576348
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
34174.30774485796
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
29825.467009360436
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
51821.70942926095
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
81174.36161935455
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
104350.43905891587
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
136644.9971523103
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
42594.66254724896
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
44699.77892193045
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
62000.4523596293
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
41848.93771246689
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
40250.05984854387
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
40385.32069602025
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8452.698216949537
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2228.275219610997
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1885.2559456242197
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1959.1405298073882
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2179.350294886529
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3671.286356612566
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5618.961274730618
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6346.622932427606
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4224.311088683442
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5106.231093503751
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6739.997201710428
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8471.821785714454
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7469.031414142262
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
10211.594755910997
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
15075.457512018133
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3958.221915263278
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4274.6779388022205
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6559.109225863985
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
10538.955216897648
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
10158.901176060723
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
14333.591721435487
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
16507.48601726465
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
32035.347354914906
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
45949.04966017976
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
70194.17894515437
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
126005.32373276372
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
21581.57086962605
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
32630.10001134192
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
38585.1427475834
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
31820.563994240234
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
37376.59421908333
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
62065.43699278641
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
117541.61303570983
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
127866.40577419045
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
228589.52918512668
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
347120.9290641777
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
476429.3054142745
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
567343.1729444376
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
554700.0933237795
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
689810.9147207782
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3524340465251142e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.697747124647707e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.502400046681361e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.539725077263326e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.1146334448934887e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.1902500573054873e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.710364073216051e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.689531221384736e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.517284051995413e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.065538975318838e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5921958642173143e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.461507805157598e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.293880738006484e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.191642627551039e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1871428969614068e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5802463082710575e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.7401897435130283e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.29702992800087e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.536345498169135e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.09510842935719e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2883544918004781e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.861184416920242e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.92888884925754e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.802571699649962e6
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0140606077146634e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.710139245614612e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.910904863183788e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.263619672888227e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.603224867249499e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.196064687446374e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.994254417454218e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.545156393945359e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
9.881879390312617e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.5750494038275324e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.889822861198609e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.171784613000834e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.8791004561639644e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.958753939185204e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.045708145101018e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.794901168004804e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.924459432736581e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.925113062162903e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
9.331149338783064e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.231871968973123e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.429195369246732e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.570144309938426e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.2672163102300927e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.478609164700116e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.280134039862263e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.1392024397480804e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5945330685619506e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.642691732663075e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.2833039125361833e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.0145171643845037e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6448787195443678e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.5772304148064636e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.280219689790907e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.771197411508333e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.283233507358e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2111785225916772e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.0820362487434867e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.4320761964732477e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6864977187274743e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.869345252798035e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.376974255930093e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3505680870313442e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.1134118524724886e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.6379024346268594e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.2489768529356277e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.881685716488058e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.8399051935286677e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.563691497718371e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.670701516591958e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.1005097200059175e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6232372233177143e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.4792849298668438e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.88789324852328e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.0390781648733813e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.3834701819609964e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.8262946556859636e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.428111822490299e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.4629817576482165e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.843033501008693e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.024536909481125e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.2501992199006814e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.838308992714211e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4498862278563446e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6783936852488026e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.728832564737287e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.567786437570419e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.1448237296484587e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.8064523242105737e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.5081331240878874e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.565297947414663e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.235847035518033e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
9.67049272700531e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.705261612183172e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.032019913989248e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3494598552614017e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.156898144425539e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.249127684748003e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6853599035916317e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4052140111586177e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5413389510137132e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.702912957228583e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.6858537821388744e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.644478564669097e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.102434848991521e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.530343249912456e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.63121980990358e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.451962193891439e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.2697900336035207e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.9619686296885047e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.0163018960845254e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.765585168552397e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
9.372746371339424e7
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1440254035531054e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.7464117230669504e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.5840821495002565e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6921744658964336e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.66160416541741e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.754474988489701e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.536836081053608e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.918477460553983e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.72671262538994e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.117458347216101e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.26165250353937e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.2406417235235924e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.6842562829715568e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.1356544877313557e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.1150886072213644e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.116733767107443e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.222247830413584e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.133544324333085e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.049903351936423e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.9065408428213024e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.684186001787777e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.447331689906187e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.6581540082288176e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.525165778255041e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3845733780502222e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.3332586076738748e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.4945033284813094e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.075151655264734e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.5472807732974297e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.2285155072485113e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.339902041295701e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.515689737462158e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.877419115995452e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.633946956035984e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.7844300982971686e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.057456084944069e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.796257690655029e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.484034215011047e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.407113040178608e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.364173767580177e8
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0350432523577672e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.7759394845083025e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.7026635794607096e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.565042383858492e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.896754435014043e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3034554664246061e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5245298105507275e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.640305719624839e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.6704727332455896e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.0851420043249252e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.1513240447786964e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.9671832760509396e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.45703986811891e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.4766472267329094e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.3534735946697754e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.022931581773483e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.648335393576966e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.765492227396662e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.12286708246087e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.147763717734658e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.85904957596811e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.19129488355394e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.559563547239798e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.446229579213173e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
8.772725013754238e9
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2542441333192333e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.2904281554656338e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.6863643616838135e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.8445973608432285e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.4935844879808453e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.5146607380907055e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.3796606714065132e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.760309186200864e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.2657951492448875e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.727435904128714e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3321562143399315e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.9037274666647177e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6653190881034207e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.912023561407178e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.2783242627060376e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.8081370850345654e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5821870286948993e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.038777136921385e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.9004087172017334e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.169629929128235e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.929838394366681e10
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4278210003319336e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1260337382316919e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.0211296516001038e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4758277135418417e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.8146687796176147e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3237232409332089e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.5475631915546204e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.3997712884232935e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.561041324378944e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.855659824258542e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.1405526535669196e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.0966340043445166e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.030318947348951e11
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3806648108579783e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.682332920440773e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.0074919312866313e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.994290258862556e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.3391872592345273e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.879743093640242e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.95076919513878e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.405348332261897e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.388782067889023e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.606117708287529e12
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.0734376756348229e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4802930650736346e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.8219718603538688e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.6527362981291652e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.716412965780361e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.6803304810623055e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
7.191962023316658e13
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.3978745085867697e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.2930459773846867e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.1864351721255488e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.779586352151137e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
4.8703833737197425e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
5.5625148836332725e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.85396863668948e14
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.1322937489445908e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.5339442586855042e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.4756594715968265e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
2.793292875400238e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
3.6592259608402445e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
6.592231834309727e15
scattering process done
drift process get started
drift process done
scat process get started
1.134513128814155e16
